
This file is part of kht++.

kht++ is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU Affero General Public License as 
published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of 
the License, or (at your option) any later version.

kht++ is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU Affero General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU Affero General 
Public License along with kht++.  If not, see 
<https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.



\mainpage kht++

kht++ is a program for calculating the Khovanov and Bar-Natan homology of links and tangles \cite Khovanov2000 \cite BarNatanKhT. 

\section About

kht++ was primarily written for the purpose of computing __*tangle invariants*__ in Khovanov theory, in particular the immersed multicurve invariants \f$\mathrm{\widetilde{BN}}(T)\f$ and \f$\mathrm{\widetilde{Kh}}(T)\f$ for four-ended tangles from the monograph \cite KWZ. 
One may also use it for computing the invariants for knots and links, and any derived invariants, such as Rasmussen's \f$s\f$-invariant \cite Rasmussen_slice_genus. 
While it is reasonably fast and resource friendly, kht++ has not been optimized as much as some other programs; if you are _only_ interested in Khovanov invariants of _knots and links_, you might want to consider one of \ref AlternativePrograms "these" programs first. 

\image html "homepage_example.png" width=90% 

\section Directions

- \ref GettingStarted "Installation Guide" and \ref Usage "Usage Documentation"

- A small [tangle atlas](../examples.html) generated by kht++

- If you would like to get involved in the development of this software, take a look at the \ref CodeDoc "Code Documentation" and \ref Contact "get in touch". 



\section OtherPages Other pages

- \ref HowToCite
- \ref LICENSE.md
- \ref sources/Contributors.md
- \ref citelist
- \ref todo
- \ref Impressum

\section Contact Contact

For feedback, questions, and bug reports, please send an email to cbz20@posteo.net. 

\page AlternativePrograms Other Programs for computing Khovanov invariants of knots and links (not tangles)

There exist several programs for computing Khovanov invariants for knots and links, some of which might be better suited for your computational needs; for example:

- [JavaKh2](http://katlas.org/wiki/Khovanov_Homology)
- [Khoca](http://lewark.de/lukas/khoca.html)
- [KhoHo](https://github.com/AShumakovitch/KhoHo)
- [knotkit](https://github.com/cseed/knotkit)

If you know of another program that you feel is missing from this list, please \ref Contact "get in touch". 


\dir sources 
\brief C++ source files
\dir headers 
\brief C++ header files
\dir modules 
\brief C++ implementation files



\page todo Todo list

\warning This documentation is still under construction. The following list of issues that need to be fixed is not complete. 


\page CodeDoc Code

To get an overview of the core features of the program, the following might be good starting points:

- <a href="files.html">source files</a>
- <a href="annotated.html">classes</a>

\page Usage

- \subpage GettingStarted
- \subpage Input
- \subpage Output
- \subpage Options


